2 blind guys were about to fight. I shouted: I bet the one with the knife wins! Both started running away.
2 reasons why I don't give money to homeless people. 1. They need money for drugs. 2. I need money for drugs.
"2 tampons are walking past each other, which one says ""hi"", first.. Neither, they're both stuck up cunts."
3 guys are on a boat and they have 4 cigarettes but nothing to light them with. What do they do?. They throw one cigarette off the boat and the whole boat becomes a cigarette lighter.
6:30 is the best time on a clock. hands down
'90s kids won't get this. Social security
9 out of 10 doctors reccommend for children to drink water instead of soda. that 1 doctor lives in flint michigan 
A bad workman blames his fools....  **EDIT: tools** ...stupid keyboard...
"A boy and his dad are talking.. ""Hey Dad."" ""Yes son?"" ""Did you ever get shot in the army?"" He looks at his son in silence. Tears start to form in the Dad's eyes, and he quietly replies; ""No, but I was shot in the leggy."""
A boy asked his Bitcoin-investing dad.... ...for $10.00 worth of Bitcoin currency. Dad: $9.67? What do you need $10.32 for?
"A boy is watching TV with his father when a sex scene comes on.. ""Well son, time for bed,"" the father says. ""But dad, I'm 16 now!"" the son complains. The father replies, ""I don't care how old you are, you're not watching me masturbate."""
"A boy was watching TV with his father. When a sex scene came on. ""well son, time for bed"" the father says. ""but dad, I'm 15 now!"" the son complains. The father replies ""I don't care how old you are son, you're not watching me masturbate"" "
"A charity worker stopped me in the street and asked if I fancied taking part in a marathon..  I was going to decline but he told me it was for disabled kids and children with severe learning difficulties. I thought, fuck me, I might win this"
A colon in a sentence can make a huge difference. For example: Johnny ate his own lunch after school. Johnny ate his own colon after school.
A coma in a sentence can literally change everything. For example:. *Ben is in a hurry.* *Ben is in a coma.*
"A father in Iraq gifted his daughter a new bag. The girl replied,. ""Thanks for the Baghdad"""
"A father walks in on his daughter having sex. Father: What the hell is going on in here?! Daughter: Dad! Oh my god, I’m sorry! Father: Hi Sorry, I’m Dad! *the father turns to her boyfriend* Father: Are you fucking Sorry?"
"After God created 24 hours of alternating darkness and light, one of the angels asked him, ""what are you going to do now?"". God said, ""I think I'm going to call it a day."""
After kissing a girl on her sofa she said “let’s take this upstairs”. “Ok” I said “ You grab one end and I’ll grab the other”
"After my wife died I couldn’t look at women for 20 years. But when I got out of prison, it was totally worth it "
"A girl walks into a dry cleaner. She drops off her dress and turns to leave. The owner says, ""Come again!"". She says, ""No it was toothpaste this time."""
"A good percentage of my friends are Nazis.... 0% of my friends are Nazis, and thats a good percentage."
"A good romance starts with a foundation of trust and friendship.. A bad romance starts with a rah rah rah-ah-ah, roma roma-ma gaga ooh la la"
"A guy walks into a bar owned by Eminem. He tells the bartender,""Give me 2 shots of..."" The bartender cuts him off saying,""You only get 1 shot."""
A guy with a stutter died in prison. before he could finish his sentence.
"Ajit Pai.. That's it. That's the whole fucking joke. EDIT: Removed edits, people don't like those. [](/rdcry)"
A Joke About Kim Jong Un. [removed]
A joke my 8-year old made up: What do you call a chicken that's afraid of the dark?. A chicken.
A lion would never drive while drunk.. But a tiger wood.
"A lumberjack went in to a magic forest to cut a tree. Upon arrival, he started to swing at the tree, when it shouted, “Wait! I’m a talking tree!"".  The lumberjack grinned, “And you will dialogue!"""
"A lumberjack went in to a magic forest to cut a tree. When he got there, he started to swing at a tree when it suddenly shouted, “Wait! I’m a talking tree!” The lumberjack laughed and said, “And you will dialogue.”"
"A man filed a report to the police that his bag was stolen.. Upon leaving the man's apartment, the officer found the man's bag at the bottom of the stairwell. It was a brief case."
"A man goes to his male doctor after several tests and tells him, ""Give it to me straight doc!"". The doctor replies, ""That's impossible, we're both male."" They both laugh and the doctor says, ""Besides, I don't want AIDS"""
"A man in an interrogation room says “I’m not saying a word without my lawyer present.”. Cop: You are the lawyer. Lawyer: Exactly, so where’s my present?"
"A man is walking through a graveyard when he sees another man squatting next to a grave. ""Morning!"" he calls out.. ""No, just having a shit!"""
"A man was arrested and taken to an interrogation room. He says to the police officer, ""I'm not saying a word without my lawyer present."" ""You are the lawyer,"" says the policeman. ""Exactly, so where's my present?"""
American healthcare.. That’s it. That’s the fucking joke.
"An Australian goes to new Zealand. An Australian goes to new Zealand and sees a guy fucking a sheep on the side of the road, he says mate, in Australia we sheer our sheep. The new Zealand guy says, fuck off, I'm not sheering her with anyone."
"An elderly couple is in church. The wife says to the husband, ""I've let out one of those silent farts, what do I do?"". The husband says, ""Change the battery in your hearing aid."" "
An infinite number of people walk into a bar.... The first orders a beer. The second orders half a beer. The third orders a quarter beer. The fourth orders an eighth of a beer... The bartender pulls out two beers and tells them to know their limits.
"An old holocaust survivor dies and goes up to heaven..... He asks God, ""How do you get a girl's number in Auschwitz? Roll up her sleeve."" God doesn't laugh. The Jew shrugs and says, ""Eh. I guess you had to be there to understand"". "
"An old Ukrainian is cleaning his hunting rifle one day when his grandson runs in. ""Grandfather, the radio says that the Russians have gone into space!"" ""All of them?"" he asks, putting down his rifle. ""No, only one."" He starts cleaning the rifle again."
"A nurse, a doctor, and an anti-vaxxer walk into a bar.. The nurse sits down at the bar and says, “I’ll have a Bloody Mary!” The doctor sits next to her and says, “Give me a rum and coke!” The anti-vaxxer does nothing. She collapsed and died from polio."
"Anyone need a slutty costume for Halloween?. Just dress up as one of my professors, they barely cover anything"
"Apparently as a 4-year old, Hitler was saved from drowning in the river Passau by a local priest.. Goes to show once more that a lot of problems would be solved if priests could just keep their hands off kids."
Apparently you can’t use “beefstew” as a password.. It’s not stroganoff.
"A Russian spy, a sexual predator and a billionaire walk into a bar. Bartender says ""What can I get you Mr. President?"""
"As a child, I always thought of my dad as a superhero. The Invisible Man"
"As an Aussie, Americans are always asking me where in Australia there *isn’t* something trying to kill you.... “School” is my answer "
"As an Aussie, Americans are always asking me where in Australia there *isn’t* something trying to kill you.... “School” is my answer"
"As I get older and I remember all the people I've lost along the way. I think to myself, maybe a career as a tour guide wasn't for me"
A single sperm has 37.5 MB of DNA information in it. That means an average ejaculation represents a data transfer of 1587.5 TB. That's a lot of information to swallow -wow thanks for the upvotes and gold 
"As I slipped my finger slowly inside her hole, I could immediately feel it getting wetter and wetter…. I slid my finger back out, and within seconds, she was going down on me. I thought to myself, ""I really need a new fucking boat."""
"A sperm cell contains about 37.5 MB of information. There are about 100 million sperm cells per ml; the average ejaculation is about 2.25ml, and takes about 5 seconds. This makes the average bandwidth of the human penis 1687 TB/sec. I know, that's a lot of information to swallow"
"Astronaut 1: ""I can't find any milk for my coffee"". Astronaut 2: ""In space no-one can. Here, use cream"""
"As we landed in Saudi Arabia the pilot announced ""Ladies and Gentlemen don't forget to adjust your watches to local time"". I thought to myself how do I turn it back to the 7th century?"
"At a funeral. Me: ""Do you mind if I say a word?"" Widow: ""Please do."" Me: *clears throat* ""Plethora."" Widow: ""Thank you. That means a lot."" "
"At age 12, Little Johnny was blessed with a nine inch penis..  And three years later, that priest went to prison."
"At age 13, Little Johnny was blessed with an eight inch penis.. And three years later, that priest went to prison."
"[At a parole hearing] Officer: Tell me, why should you be released early?. Inmate: It’s bec.. Officer: Yes? Inmate: I think I have.. Officer: Go on. Inmate: Can I Please finish my sentence? Officer: Sure. Parole denied."
"At breakfast, a man asked his wife “What would you do I if won the lottery?” She replied, “I’d take half, and then leave you.”. “Great,” he said “I won $12 yesterday. Here’s $6. Stay in touch.”"
"Atheism and Religion are but two sides of the same coin.. One prefers to use its head, while the other relies on tales. (Joke Originally from The Joke Cafe - https://thejokecafe.com )"
Attention America! We Brits have your president! If you do not send us £50M by Sunday morning..... We’ll return him back to you. 
"A vegan said to me, ""people who sell meat are gross!"". I said, ""people who sell fruits and vegetables are grocer."" credits to Adele Cliff, from the Edinburgh Festival Fringe. Link in the comments "
"A weasel walks into a bar. The Bartender says, ""Wow, I've never served a weasel before. What can I get you?"". ""Pop,"" goes the weasel."
"A wife got so mad at her husband she packed his bags and told him to get out.. As he walked to the door she yelled, ""I hope you die a long, slow, painful death."" He turned around and said, ""So, you want me to stay?"" "
"A woman is accused of beating her husband half to death with his guitar collection.. The judge looks down at her and asks, ""First offender?"" The woman replies, ""nope, first a Martin, then a Gibson, then a Fender."""
"Bill Gates and Elon Musk should team up and make a medicine to cure erectile dysfunction. And name it ""Elon-Gate"""
Breaking News: Bill Gates has agreed to pay for Trump's wall. On the condition he gets to install windows. 
Bullets are so weird. They only do their job AFTER they’re fired
"By legalizing Cannabis and same-sex marriage we finally interpreted the bible correctly:. **""A man who lays with another man should be stoned.""** [Leviticus 20:13 esv] Edit1: a typo Edit2: thanks for the gold humorous stranger! "
"Call a girl beautiful 1,000 times and she won't think twice.... Call a girl fat once and she'll always remember. Because elephants never forget"
"Call me a racist if you want, but south of the border is a sea of violence, corruption and stupidity I wouldn't touch with a ten foot pole.. I just thank my lucky stars I live in Canada. Edit: Sorry."
"Can a woman make her husband a millionaire?. Of course, if he’s a billionaire. "
"Carrie Fisher runs into George Micheal in the afterlife.... She says, ""Oh man, I'm a huge fan! I've got every one of your albums except the first one."" He says, ""I find your lack of 'Faith' disturbing""."
"Cashier: Scans Condoms. “Do you need a bag sir?” Me: Jesus, she’s not that ugly"
Chess is banned under Islam. They hate that the queen moves freely.
Chinese takeout $20.00.. Gas to pick it up $10.00... Getting home and realising they have forgotten one of your containers.. Riceless
"Chuck Norris looked directly at the sun today.... And the sun got so scared it hid behind the moon. &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Edit: Wow. I did not expect this much love. I thought maybe, at best, I'd get to hear a couple really great Chuck Norris Jokes. Thank you!"
Communism jokes are not funny. Unless everyone gets them
Communism sounds good on paper.... ...unless you’re reading a history book.
"Congratulations to the winner of last night's presidential debate!. The Voyager probe, flying away from Earth at an estimated 62000 km per hour."
Courtesy of my 6yo daughter: What do you call a dinosaur that takes care of its teeth?. A Flossiraptor
CSI Alabama was a failure . . .. . . . all of the DNA is too similar and there are no dental records.
Dads are like boomerangs.. I hope.
Dads of Reddit: Happy Father's Day.... YOU MOTHER FUCKERS
Damn girl are you a newspaper?. Because there's a new issue with you every fucking day
Damn girl are you a parked car?. Because I would have to be drunk as fuck to hit that
"Daughter: ""Hey dad, how do you feel about abortion?"". Father: ""Ask your sister.” Daughter: ""I don't have a si-"""
Dear Satan.... For Christmas I want a cure for my dyslexia 
Did you hear about McDonald's trying to get into the high end steakhouse market?. It was a Big Mcsteak
Did you hear about the Doctor on the United Flight?. [removed]
Did you hear about the drummer who gave all his daughters the same name?. Anna 1 Anna 2 Anna 3 Anna 4
Did you hear about the math teacher who’s afraid of negative numbers?. He will stop at nothing to avoid them.
"Did you hear that NYC paid Hillary Clinton $2,000,000 as a consultant for New Years Eve?. They wanted an expert on dropping the ball at the last second."
"Did you know if you hold your ear up too a strangers leg. You can actually hear them say ""what the fuck are you doing? "
"Did you know that a piranha can devour a human child to the bone in 30 seconds?. Anyways, I lost my job at the aquarium today. "
Do all black people have a problem with slavery ?. Or just mine ?
"“Doc, I ate one of those ‘Do not Eat’ silica packets. Am I going to die??”. Doctor: Well, everyone is going to die eventually. Man: Everyone?? Holy shit, what have I done?"
"Doctor: Do you want the good news first, or the bad news?. Man: Good news first please, doc! Doctor: We’re naming a disease after you Edit: Wow, my first Reddit Silver, and two of them, thanks strangers!"
Doctor: (handing me my new born baby) I'm sorry but your wife didn't make it. Me: (handing baby back to him) Bring me the one my wife made
"Doctor: Sir, i'm afraid your DNA is backwards. Me: And ?"
"Doctor: Well, it looks like you're pregnant.. Woman: Oh my God, I'm pregnant?! Doctor: No, it just looks like you are. FP Edit: RIP my inbox"
Does anyone know if its possible to take a skin graft from your buttocks and put it on somebody who isn't family?. Arse skin for a friend.
"Donald Trump has decided to take just $1 as his salary for the job of the President instead of the usual 400,000.. That man would do just about anything to avoid paying the taxes."
"Donald Trump - ""I'm not orange!"". ""Impeach."""
Don't know why this got removed the first time. I'll try again. When is it OK to have sex with your cousin?. [Twice removed]
Do you ever just wake up and kiss the person sleeping beside you and feel glad that you are alive?. I just did and apparently I'm not allowed on this airline anymore...
"Do you know how to avoid clickbait?. Apparently not. - Edit: Thanks for the gold (gild?), kind stranger."
Do you know how to avoid clickbait?. Obviously not
"Do you remember when you were a kid and whenever you cried, your parents would say, “I’ll give you a reason to cry!?"". I always thought they were going to hit me, not that they were going to destroy the housing market 20 years later."
"eBay is so useless. I tried to look up lighters and all they had was 18,061 matches"
Ellen Pao's career. 
"Every morning at breakfast for the past 6 months, I announce loudly to my family that I’m going for a jog, and then I don’t.. It’s my longest running joke of the year."
"Everyone debates butts vs. boobs, but nothing beats a pretty face.. Except for Chris Brown"
Everyone in Hawaii is mad about the malfunction of the early warning system. Those fools.. Hawaii **IS** the early warning system.
Everyone tells you that smoking will kill you. What they don’t tell you is that it cures salmon 
"Every ""yo momma"" joke has been done thousands of times, by thousands of different people.. Kinda like yo momma."
"Father: “Son, you were adopted.”. Son: “What?! I knew it! I want to meet my biological parents!"" Father: “We are your biological parents. Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in 20 minutes.”"
For anyone attending Stan Lee's funeral.... Make sure you stay after the ceremony is finished.
"For every upvote this gets, my girlfriend and I will try one thrust of anal sex.. Please don't upvote. Her strap-on is huge. "
"""Forget everything you learned in college.... ""Forget everything you learned in college. You won't need it working here."" ""But I never went to college."" ""Well then, I'm sorry. You are underqualified to work here."" "
"Forget everything you learned in college.... 'Forget everything you learned in college. You won't need it working here.' 'But I never went to college.' 'Well then, I'm sorry. You are underqualified to work here.'"
"'Forget everything you learned in college. You won't need it working here.'. 'But I never went to college.' 'Well then, I'm sorry. You are underqualified to work here.'"
"“Fucking kids are expensive”, I said. “Is”, my lawyer replied."
"Funny that when a guy sleeps with tons of girls, he's a stud... But when a girl sleeps with tons of guys, somehow I’m not one of them."
Genders are like the Twin Towers. There used to be two of them and now its a really sensitive subject.
"George Clooney, Leonardo Dicaprio and Matthew Mcconaughey got together to make a movie.... George Clooney said, ""I'll direct."" Dicaprio said, ""I'll produce."" And Matthew McConaughey said, ""I'll write, I'll write, I'll write.""﻿"
"Girl: ""Come over"". Guy: ""I'm coming over"" Girl: ""We should stop using walkie talkies in bed, over."" "
Give a man a fish and you will feed him for a day.. Teach a man to fish and he will spend hundreds of dollars on equipment he will use twice a year
"Give a man a fish, he will eat for a day.. Teach a man to phish, he will become a Nigerian Prince."
"Give a man a gun and he'll rob a bank,. Give a man a bank and he'll rob the world."
"Got my girlfriend a ""get better soon"" card. She isn't sick, I just think she can get better"
Guy walks into a bar with a gun and snarls “who had sex with my wife!!!”. A guy in the back replies You don’t have enough bullets
Had my girlfriend wear her Starbucks uniform to bed for roleplay. She got my name wrong during sex
Haven't seen the new Star Wars yet.... But everybody posting spoilers about how Princess Leia dies Edit: Highest rated post! RIP inbox
Have you seen r/tifu recently.. They’re fucking nuts. 
He got the order wrong. Why did the customer get upset at the waiter?
"Helen Keller once described a cheese grater as.... ""The most violent book I have ever read"""
"Here's a tip! If your phone autocorrects ""fuck"" to ""duck"", don't bother correcting it.... It's still fowl language."
"“Hey Dad, have you seen my sunglasses?”. “No son, have you seen my dad glasses?”"
"""Hey dad why is my sister called Teresa ?"". ""Because your mum loves easter and it's an anagram of easter !"" ""Thanks dad !"" ""No problem Alan"""
"Hey girl, are you a broken compass?. Because I’m not really sure where I’m going with this"
Hey girl are you a newspaper?. Because there's a new issue with you every fucking day
"How can you tell a chemist from a plumber without seeing them?. Ask them to pronounce ""unionized."""
How come nobody at the kings table laughed when he farted?. Because noble gases don't cause reactions.
How did Metallica get people to stop pirating their music?. They stopped releasing anything worth listening to.
How does a Flat Earther travel the world?. on a plane
"How do you break up two blind guys fighting?. Yell, ""My money's on the guy with the knife!"" "
How do you cover 12 holes with one hole?. Take a flute and shove it up your ass.
"How do you get 100 drunk and rowdy Canadians out of a pool?. You say ""Please get out of the pool."""
"How do you get 30 drunk Canadians out of the pool?. ""Please Get Out The Pool"""
How do you get Trump to change a lightbulb?. Tell him Obama put it in
How do you milk sheep?. Bring out a new iPhone and charge $1000 for it.
How do you milk sheep?. With iPhone accessories.
How do you milk sheep?. With iPhone accessories. 
How many Brexiteers does it take to change a light bulb?.  One to promise a brighter future and the rest to screw it up.
How many Democrats does it take to change a lightbulb?. None. They only *talk* about change.
"How many ""friend-zones"" guys does it take to change a light bulb?. None, they'll just compliment it and get pissed when it won't screw."
"How many grammar Nazis does it take to screw in a light bulb?. Too Edit: Mandatory, Thank’s four da Gold kind strangler. "
How many introverts does it take to change a light bulb?. Does it have to be a group activity?
How many introverts does it take to change a lightbulb?. Why does it have to be a group activity?
How many introverts does it take to change a light bulb?. Why must it be a group activity?
"How many people does it take to screw in a lightbulb?. It takes two, very tiny people, to screw, in a lightbulb."
"How many Republicans does it take to change a lightbulb?. None. They're afraid of change- even if it makes the world a brighter place. (Edit: Folks, take a breath. It is a joke.)"
How much is Donald Trump's life insurance?. Just one pence.
Husband: I have cheated once. Husband: I have cheated once Wife: me too. husband: 1st of Apriii.... Wife: 18th of June
I am a man trapped inside the body of a woman.. I will never keep lube and glue in the same drawer ever again.
I am getting so sick of millennials and their attitude.. Always walkin around like they rent the place.
I am giving up drinking alcohol for the month of January.. Edit: I am giving up. Drinking alcohol for the month of January. 
I am giving up drinking for a month. Sorry that came out wrong I am giving up. Drinking for a month 
I applied to be a sperm donor and the nurse asked if I could masturbate in the cup.... I told her i'm pretty good but I don't think i'm ready to compete in a tournament yet.
"I asked a pretty, young, homeless woman if I could take her home, and she said yes with a big smile.. The look on her face soon changed when I walked off with her cardboard box. Edit: I'm a pirate, so it works in first-person"
"I asked my boss ""what's the difference between your wife and tomorrow?"". ""I'm not coming in tomorrow"" Haven't seen this one here so if it's been posted before I'm sorry"
"I asked my girlfriend if she'd like a day of eating ice cream and hanging with her girl friends.. She said ""Yes!"". I said ""Good, because I'm breaking up with you."" Edit: Front page! Hi mom. Thanks for the gold you amazing stranger, you."
I asked my mom if by any chance i was adopted ?. She said - why would we choose you.. 
"I asked my mum ""How much is a couple?"". ""2 or 3"" she replied. Probably explains why her marriage collapsed."
"I asked my wife if I was the only one she's been with.. She said, ""Yes, the others were at least sevens or eights"". "
I asked my wife to dress up as a nurse tonight.... to fulfill my fantasy... that we have health insurance.
I bought a dog from a blacksmith this morning.... ...within 10 minutes of getting him home he made a bolt for the door.
I built a 1:1000000 model of a German submarine.. It’s a pretty good µ-boat. 
I called a suicide hotline in Iraq... They got excited and asked if I could drive a truck. 
"I called the Child Abuse Hotline. A kid answered, called me a fat cunt, and told me to fuck off."
"I called work this morning and whispered, ""Sorry boss, I can't come in today. I have a wee cough."" He exclaimed, ""You have a wee cough!?"". I said, ""Really?! Thanks boss, see you next week!"""
I call my wife Bambi. She thinks it's because she's cute with big brown eyes.... But in reality it's because I want someone to shoot her mother with a hunting rifle
I can count on one hand how many times I have been to Chernobyl.. It's 14.
"I can cut down a tree just by looking at it. It's true, I saw it with my own eyes"
"I can't remember how to write 1, 1000, 51, 6 and 500 in Roman numerals. I M LIVID"
I couldn’t give a shit about what vegans eat. Cannibals on the other hand.... WHERE’S MY OTHER FUCKING HAND?
"I couldn't join the KKK, apparently my bloodline isn't pure enough. Turns out, my parents weren't even related."
"I couldn't join the KKK if I wanted to, my bloodline isn't pure enough.. Turns out my parents weren't even related."
"I dated a dentist a while back,. She had the whitest teeth I ever came across."
"I dig, she dig, we dig, he dig, they dig, you dig ... It's not a beautiful poem but it's really deep. "
"I don't always tell dad jokes. But when I do, he laughs "
I dont believe in hitting my children as punishment. So i send them to school wearing crocs and anime shirts and let other kids beat them instead
I don't know what the big deal is about Black Friday.. All Fridays matter. 
I don’t like people who take drugs.... For example: airport security.
I don't like the term 'Anal Bleaching'..  I prefer to call it 'changing my ringtone'.
I don't see why you would become an Islamic fundamentalist suicide bomber on the off chance that when you die you get 72 virgins.. Just become a Catholic priest and get them now. Edit: THANK EVERYONE FOR THE GOLD!! Also forgot to source the joke to Jimmy Carr.
If a girl says she will be ready in 5 minutes she will.. No need to remind her every 15 minutes about it
If A is for Apple and B is for Banana then what is C for?.  Plastic Explosives. 
If A is for Apple and B is for Banana then what is C for?. Plastic Explosives.
If A is for Apple and B is for Banana then what is C for?. Plastic Explosives
If a tree falls in the forest and no one is around to hear it.... ...then my illegal logging business is a success.
"If a woman has sex with 10 different men, she's considered a slut, but if a man does the same thing.... ...he is gay. Definitely gay. "
If Donald Trump becomes President I'm going to Mexico.. Not by choice though.
If having sex for money makes you a whore.... Then does having sex for free make you a non-profit whoreganisation?
If Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump are in a boat and it capsizes. Who survives?. America.
If I got 50¢ for every math test I've failed. I would have $7.20 by now
If i had $1 for every girl that didn't find me attractive... .. they would eventually find me attractive
"If i had a dime for every time i didn't understand what's going on.. I'd be like: ""Why y'all keep giving me all these dimes?"""
"If I had a dollar for every downvote EA""s comment gets..... I would have enough money to unlock half of the Battlefront 2 heroes without having to grind them."
If I had a dollar for every time I had an existential crisis. Would it even matter? Edit: Tim Ross
If I had a dollar for everytime someone called me a boring nerd... I'd have a mean daily income of $5.64 with a standard deviation of $1.25 
If I had a dollar for every time someone over 40 told me my generation sucks.... Then I could afford a house in the economy they ruined.
If I had a $ for every post I've seen today about Net Neutrality.... I'd have enough money to view a post next year about Net Neutrality.
"If I make you breakfast in bed, a simple ""thank you"" is all I need.. Not all this ""how did you get in my house??!!!"" business. "
"If I'm ever on life support, unplug me....  Then plug me back in, see if that works. "
"I finally figured out what’s wrong with my brain.. On the left side, there is nothing right. On the right side, there is nothing left. Edit: Thanks for the Platinum and Silver. That’s a first for me. Much appreciated!"
I finally got someone to be my valentine!. I wish I could post this in any other sub.
I finally realized my parents favored my twin brother.. It hit me when they asked me to blow up balloons for his surprise birthday party.
If I was addicted to masturbation and then I got addicted to sex.... Would it be safe to assume my addiction got out of hand?
"If I won 298 million, I'd give a quarter of it to charity.. ...I'm not sure what I'd do with the other $297,999,999.75 though."
If light travels faster than the speed of sound. How come I can hear the guy in the BMW behind me honk before the light turns green?
"If Medusa, King Midas, and Oedipus raised a child together. That would be one stone, gold motherfucker"
If minecraft taught me one thing.... It's to never spend diamonds on a hoe.
I found a place where the recycling rate is 98%. /r/Jokes
"If Queen Elizabeth accidentally farts during dinner, the other guests are supposed to pretend like nothing happened.. Noble gases should have no reaction."
"If the Klu Klux Klan leaders are wizards, why don't they cast a spell to kill all those that oppose them?. Because they don't have access to black magic."
"If Trump played DnD, what weapon would he use?. Fire staff"
If We're Going to Arm the Teachers. All I ask is that the librarians get silencers 
"If you ever feel like your job is meaningless, remember. there is someone who is currently installing the turn signal at BMW. "
If you ever miss 4:20 just wait untill 4:22 because.... 4:22 is 4:20 too.
If you find gold in Australia where should you look for silver?. **Ag**stralia Edit: don't bother traveling; lots of silver and gold here.
"If you masturbate after smoking marijuana..... Is it high-jacking or weed-whacking? Edit: Front and Gold. Thank you. Edit 2: if this is in fact a repost, I apologise. I honestly am not sure if somebody else posted this before."
If you rearrange the letters of POSTMEN. they become VERY ANGRY
If you rearrange the letters of POSTMEN.... They become VERY ANGRY.
If you're looking for a slutty Halloween costume.... Dress as a professor. They barely cover anything important.
"If your phone auto corrects ""fuck"" to ""duck,"" it's okay to keep it. It's still fowl language"
If you run in front of a car you'll get tired.... But if you run behind the car you'll get exhausted
"If you want to read the Gospel according to Shrek, open your Bible to Psalm–. –BODY ONCE TOLD ME…"
I gently slid her panties to the side.... ....so I could fit her socks into the drawer
"I got a new pair of gloves today, but they're both 'lefts'.... Which, on the one hand is great, but on the other it's just not right"
"I got pulled over by a female cop.... When I rolled down my window to ask what was wrong, she said ""NOTHING"""
"I got pulled over by the police .... He came to the window and said papers ... I said - scissors, I win - and drove off He must be desperate for a rematch as he's been chasing me for ages! "
"I got so fed up with the trick-or-treaters last Halloween that I turned off the lights and pretended I wasn't home..  My lighthouse, my rules."
I got turned down from my job interview for coming half an hour early. The porn industry can go fuck themselves for all I care.
"I had a vasectomy because I didn't want to have kids.. But when I came back home, they were still there."
I hate when people ask how I see myself in 3 years. I don’t have 2020 vision This is the only day you can upvote this EDIT: Thank you sm for r/all ! Happy New Years!
I have two conditions in my will.... 1) I want my remains spread around Disney World 2) I do not want to be cremated 
"I heard my son say his first words to me today.... ""where have you been the last 20 years?"""
I heard Reddit likes puns so I posted ten of them thinking at least one would reach the first page. No pun in ten did 
"I held the door open for an old Japanese man, and he said ""Sank you!"". Being able to understand his heavy accent, I replied ""You're welcome."" He laughs and says ""No, you misunderstand, I am taunting you about Pearl Harbor."" "
"I help blind kids. Verb, not adjective"
I hope Elon Musk never gets involved in a scandal. Elongate would be really drawn out.
I invented a new golf ball that’ll automatically go in the hole if it gets within four inches.. Do NOT carry them in your back pocket.
I invited my girlfriend to go to the gym with me and then I didn’t show.. I hope she gets the message that we’re not working out.
"I just discovered that the word 'nothing' is a palindrome.... Backwards it spells 'gnihton', which also means nothing."
"I just got home from a friends funeral, he drowned last week.... I was surprised that all the relatives were furious about my floral arrangement that was in the shape of a life jacket. But as I told everyone, ""It's what he would have wanted"". "
"I just got kicked out of karaoke night for singing ""Danger Zone"" six times in a row….  They said I exceeded my maximum number of Loggins attempts…"
"I just saw my Chinese waiter give my order to someone who looks nothing like me. I get it now.. Oh wait, my bad. That wasn’t my waiter."
"I just saw my wife walk by with her sexiest underwear on, which can only mean one thing.. It’s laundry day."
I know global warming is bad. but wouldn't it be kinda funny if dinosaurs made humans go extinct?
"I learned yesterday that a school of piranhas can strip all the flesh off of a child's body in less than a minute.... On the downside, I lost my job at the aquarium..."
I lent my umbrella to a hot girl yesterday..  That takes the number of girls i've made wet this year to -1
I like jokes. But jokes about air conditioners?. Not a fan. 
I like my coffee how I like my women. WITHOUT ANOTHER MANS DICK IN THEM ANNABEL YOU FUCKING WHORE
I like my coffee like I like my women. Without someone else's dick in it SHARON YOU FUCKING WHORE EDIT: Thanks so much for the gold! You know who you are and I appreciate you deeply.
I like my r/Jokes how I like my coffee. The same damn thing every day
I like my women like I like my coffee. I've never had coffee but it smells really nice
"I like my women like I like my whiskey.. 12 years old and mixed up with coke. Disclaimer: This is just a joke, i do not condone the practice of mixing whiskey with coke."
I love Harry Potter but after re-reading the chapter the death-day party I realized something about nearly headless nick. He was a very poorly executed character 
"""I love you lots snuggles"" said my girlfriend. ""And I love you tons"" I replied. ""Wow fine, you don't have a nickname for me?"" She said angrily. Sometimes I swear the fat cunt's going deaf."
"I'm 60 days clean now.. It's been hard showering every day, but thankfully I had heroin to help me through it."
I made a joke about net neutrality. Americans didn't get it.
Imagine if Americans switched from pounds to kilograms overnight.... There would be mass confusion.
"I'm American, and I'm sick of people saying America is ""the stupidest country in the world."". Personally, I think Europe is the stupidest country in the world."
"I’m a scientist who’s researching bestiality between humans and dogs….  If you'd like more details, I’ll be in my lab…"
"I'm assuming that none of the Jenners ask Kylie to make breakfast.. Since she can't even beat an egg Edit: Whoa, front page, im ashamed. Thank you kind stranger for the silver oh, you made my day!"
"I'm divorcing my wife. First it was the poolboy, then the mailman, her ex-boyfriend, and my best friend. It's pretty clear.... I just really love dick."
I met a Jewish girl and she asked for my number.. I told her we use names here.
"I’m okay with smoking, alcohol, and marijuana.. But cocaine is where I draw the line."
"I’m planning a charity event for people who struggle to achieve an orgasm. If you can’t come, let me know "
I'm really good friends with 25 letters of the alphabet.. I don't know why. 
I'm so straight I don't touch myself when I jerk off. My buddy Brian does it for me
"Im surprised that Roy Moore wants a recount; a large gap in numbers had never bothered him before.. Get it? Edit: I'm not removing the ""Get it?"" Part. Thicc Sauce is Andre Segers Another Edit: thanks for making ""Get It"" a meme <3"
"In 2016, celebrities died and their legacies touched people.. In 2017, celebrities touched people and their legacies died."
"In Pokemon, I never understood why bug types were supereffective against dark types.. But then I thought about malaria in Africa and it all made sense. "
"Interviewer: ""I heard you were extremely quick at math"". Me: ""yes, as a matter of fact I am"" Interviewer: ""Whats 14x27"" Me: ""49"" Interviewer: ""that's not even close"" me: ""yeah, but it was fast"""
I once stayed up all night trying figure out where the sun went. Then it dawned on me
I only knock up antivaxxers.. Because 8 years of child support is better than 18.
I ordered a chicken and an egg from Amazon today. I'll let you know.
I pissed off two men today because I referred to them as hipsters... Apparently the correct term is 'conjoined twins'
I pissed off two people today by calling them hipsters.. Apparently the correct term is conjoined twins.
I read a joke about Oedipus and Midas.. It was motherfucking gold.
I refused to believe I was gay and dyslexic...... I was in Daniel.
"I rode the elevator to the eleventh floor, and as I got out, the operator said ""Have a good day, son"". ""Don't call me son,"" I said. ""You're not my dad."" He scratched his head. ""No, but I brought you up, didn't I?"""
Iron Man is a very confusing character.. I know he’s a guy but he could’ve been Fe Male.
"I saw a sign that made me shit myself. It said ""Bathroom closed"" Edit: Thanks for the upvotes guys. did not expect this post to blow up."
"I saw my dwarf neighbor at a bus stop. ""Jump in, I'll give you a lift home"" I said. ""Fuck off"" he shouted back. ""What an ungrateful little cunt"" I thought as I zipped up my backpack and continued my walk."
I scared the postman today by going to the door completely naked…. I’m not sure what freaked him out more – my naked body or the fact that I knew where he lived.
I scared the postman today by going to the door completely naked.. I'm not sure what scared him more. My naked body or the fact I knew where he lived
Isn't it annoying when engineering students call themselves engineers?. It's stupid. You don't hear medical students calling themselves doctors or arts students calling themselves baristas.
"Isn't it weird when sometimes you're thinking about someone and then they suddenly appear?. Anyway, my dad just caught me masturbating"
I think it’s pretty cool how the Chinese. made a language entirely out of tattoos.
I think I've been hacked by Russia.. Edit: I not hacked by Russia. The motherland do no such thing. Have good day.
"I threw my girlfriend a surprise bukakke party.. Everyone came, you should have seen her face. "
"I told my boss that three companies were after me and I need a raise..... My boss asked “what companies? “ Gas, water and electricity. "
"I told my girlfriend we can either have sex, or go see Star Wars.. She said ""I'm on my period and Star Wars is sold out,"" but she pulled some strings and got me in."
"I told my niece that I saw a moose on the way to work this morning. She said, “How do you know he was on his way to work?” "
"I told my teenage niece to go get me a phone book.... She laughed at me, and said ""Oh uncle J you're so old. Just use my phone."" So I slammed her phone against the wall to kill a spider."
"I told my wife that the milkman said he had shagged every woman in our road except one!!. “I bet it’s the snooty bitch at number twenty three,” she replied. "
I told the paramedics the wrong blood type for my ex. Now she'll know what rejection feels like
I trapped a couple of vegans in my basement.. At least I think they're vegan. They keep shouting 'lettuce leaf!'
I tried to share a bag of chips with a homeless person on the street.. He told me to fuck off and buy my own.
I tried to sue the airport for losing my luggage.. I lost my case.
"It’s funny that when a guy sleeps with a ton of girls, he is a stud.. But when a girl sleeps with a ton of guys, I’m somehow never one of them."
"It's strange to see Christians advocating abstinence only sex education.... According to their own religion, even abstinence isn't 100% effective."
It’s very rare that a defibrillator fails.. But when it happens no one is shocked.
"I used to be Christian..... Her: I used to be Christian. Him: It’s all right, I don’t really care for those sorts of things. Her; Thank god! It’s so much better now that I’m Christine! "
"I used to sell security alarms door to door, and I was really good at it.. If no one was home, I would just leave a brochure on the kitchen table. "
"I've decided that from January 1st, I'm only going to watch things that are 1080p and above.. It's my new year's resolution."
I’ve developed a fetish for figuring things out.. I just came to that realization.
I've just started to read a horror novel in braille.. Something bad is gonna happen. I can feel it.
I've never understood how the Nazis couldn't find where Anne Frank was hiding. I've been to Amsterdam... There are signs pointing to her house everywhere.
"I've often heard that ""icy"" is the easiest word to spell. Looking at it now, I see why"
I've only been in jail for 5 minutes and I've already been raped twice.. My uncle doesn't fuck around when playing Monopoly.
I've realized that suicide would solve all my problems..... ...if I could just get the right people to try it.
"I walked down a street where the houses were numbered 64K, 128K, 256K, 512K and 1MB. That was a trip down memory lane"
"I walked in the bedroom to find my wife dead in the bed the other day.. Looking at her lifeless there, I decided to have one last go. Right in the middle she opened her eyes and shouted BOO! Honestly, some people are fucking sick in the head."
"I was applying for Australian citizenship and the interviewer asked, “Do you have a criminal record?”. I said, “No. Is that still required?”"
I was blessed with a 9 inch penis (NSFW). That priest is in jail now
I was blessed with a 9 inch penis.. That priest is in prison now.
"I was browsing in a liquor store when an employee asked me “Do you need help?”. I said, “Yes, but I’m here to get whiskey instead.”"
I was complaining to my wife about our nonexistent sex life.. Zero fucks were given.
"I was crossing the street when I suddenly noticed my ex getting run over by a bus. I thought to myself, “Wow! That could have been me!”. Then I remembered I can’t drive a bus."
I was fired from the keyboard factory today.. I wasn't putting in enough shifts. 
"I was going to donate blood today, but they always ask waaaay too many personal questions. Like, ""who's blood is this"", and ""where did you get it?"" "
"I was having dinner with my boss and his wife, and she asked ""How many potatoes would you like?"".  I said, ""I'll just have one please"". She said ""It's OK, you don't have to be polite."" ""Alright, I'll just have one then, you stupid whore""."
"I was having sex with my friend's wife, the phone rang. I heard it was her husband and I quickly started to get dressed.. She told me not to worry. He was out drinking with me..."
"I was having sex with my wife last night. when she suddenly yelled, “Dave! Get your cock out of my arse!” “Just relax.” I said, “You might like it.” “Relax?” she screamed, “What the fuck is Dave doing here?”"
I was pretty excited when I heard Logan Paul went into a suicide forest. A little upset to find out he came back
I went to the zoo and saw a baguette in the cage. Zookeeper said it was bread in captivity 
I Will Never Forget My Son's First Words. Where the fuck have you been for 16 years?
I wish I could be ugly for one day.. Being ugly every day sucks.
I wonder what my parents did to fight boredom before the internet.... I asked my 18 brothers and sisters and they don't know either. Edit:*Wow thanks for the gold
I wrote the names of everyone I’ve unfriended onto a piece of paper; but my roommate took it and rolled it into a joint.. Now he’s high on my list of people I never want to see again.
Jared from Subway ended his career the same way he began it. Trying to get into smaller pants
Jehovah's Witnesses don't celebrate Halloween. I guess they don't appreciate random people coming up to their door.
"Jesus once said ""He who lives by the sword, will die by the sword"". He was a carpenter that died by being nailed to a piece of wood, so he might have had a point. Edit: Hey /u/RogueDM1214 thanks for the gold!"
Joke
"Joke I heard from a 99 year old Holocaust survivor. A Jew gets to heaven after passing and meets god. The Jew tells god a Holocaust joke, but god doesn't laugh. The Jew shrugs and says, ""I guess you had to be there to understand""."
"Joke I made up: Caveman and a bear walk into a bar. Bartender says ""what's your story?"" Caveman says.... Bear with me..."
"Just after my wife had given birth, I asked the doctor, ""How soon do you think we'll be able to have sex?"". He winked at me and said, ""I'm off duty in ten minutes - meet me in the car park."""
"Justice is a dish best served cold because.... ...if it were served warm, it would be justwater."
Just spent $300 on a limousine and discovered that the fee doesn't include a driver. Can't believe I've spent all that money and I have nothing to chauffeur it...
"Liberals are acting like Trump is going to kill all the gays, make slavery legal again, and take away women's rights..... Like he's a Muslim or something."
Making love to a woman is like playing a violin…. I don't know how to do it…
Malaysian Airlines and United should merge. That way they can beat their passengers and no one will ever find out.
"Man: Doctor, all five of my boys want to be valets when they grow up!. Doctor: Wow! That's the worst case of parking son's disease that I have ever seen."
"Man, on a first date: How do you feel about sex? Woman: I like it infrequently.. Man: I see. Is that one word or two?"
"Man says to wife, What would you do if I won the lottery?. Wife replies, Take half and leave your sorry ass. Husband replies, Good, I won 12 dollars, here's 6 now get the hell out!"
"Many people are surprised by the engagement of Serena Williams and Alexis Ohanian, but not me.. If I founded reddit I'd be searching for better servers too."
Maybe if we all emailed the Constitution to each other…. …the NSA will finally read it.
"Me: ""Judge, 60% of my parking tickets are bogus!!"". Judge: ""Repeat infractions?"" Me: ""Ok, 3/5 of my parking tickets are bogus!"""
Men think about sex every 7 seconds.... Which is why I eat hotdogs in under 6 seconds... So it doesn't get weird.
"Me: “When I donate blood I do not extract it myself. A nurse does it for me.”. Receptionist: “Yes, but this is a sperm bank and it doesn’t work that way.”"
"""Mom, I'm dating a man."". ""Whom, sweetheart?"" ""Mike the mailman."" ""Mike the mailman? But he could be your father!"" ""But mom, age is just a number."" ""Sweetheart, I don't think you understood."" &#x200B; EDIT: Thanks for the gold!"
Most people are shocked when they find out.... ...how incompetent I am as an electrician.
"My 7 y/o niece just dad joked me.. **Her:** ""Do you know any jokes?"" **Me:** ""No."" **Her:** ""I'll teach you one."" ""Knock! Knock!"" **Me:** ""Who's there?"" **Her:** ""Ash."" ""Now ask, Ash: who?"" **Me:** ""Ash: who?"" **Her:** ""Please cover your mouth when you sneeze."" **Me: rekt**"
"My black friend and I were in the library when he asked where the coloured printer was.. I said, ""Shit, man, it's 2018. You can use whatever printer you want."""
"My body is in a disgusting, embarrassing, totally repulsive state right now. New Jersey, I'm in New Jersey"
"My boss arrived at work in a brand-new Lamborghini.. I said, ""Wow, that's an amazing car!"" He replied, ""If you work hard, put all your hours in, and strive for excellence, I'll get another one next year""."
"My boss said to me, ""you're the worst train driver ever. How many have you derailed this year?"". I said, ""I'm not sure; it's hard to keep track."""
My boss: “You’re fired.”. Me: *turns in gun and badge* My boss: “You’re a waiter where did you get those”
My boyfriend keeps talking about overthrowing capitalism in a violent revolution. Could this be a red flag?
"My brother just updated his status to ""I love my girlfriend <3""..  I always knew he liked them young, but that is fucking ridiculous."
"My brother just updated his status to ""I love my girlfriend <3"".. I always knew he liked them young, but that is fucking ridiculous."
"My dad died last year when my family couldn't remember his blood type in time for paramedics to save him. As he died, he kept insisting for us to ""be positive,"" but it's hard without him"
My dad said people shouldn't get ribbons just for participating because it rewards them for losing.. So I took down his confederate flag.
My doctor wrote me a prescription for daily sex.. My girlfriend insists that it says dyslexia but what does she know
My drug test came back negative.. My drug dealer has some explaining to do.
My favorite sex position is called WOW.. It’s where I flip your MOM over.
"My favourite sex position is called ""WOW"" .... It's where I flip your MOM over"
(My first dad joke) Wife was breastfeeding. Her: the baby sure is taking his time getting his meal in Me: yeah he is really milking it Edit: wow this blew up! thanks for the gold!!!
"My flat-earther friend decided to walk to the end of the world to prove it's flat!. In the end, he came around."
My friend Dave drowned.. At his funeral we got him a wreath in the shape of a lifebuoy. It’s what he would’ve wanted. 
"My friend keeps saying ""cheer up man it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water"". I know he means well..."
My friend refused to believe he was gay and a dyslexic.. He was in Daniel.
"My friend said to me, “Do you want to hear a really good Batman impression!?” I said, “Go on, then.” He shouted, “NOT THE KRYPTONITE!” I said, “That’s Superman.”.  He said, “Thanks man, I’ve been practicing a lot.”"
My friends laughed at me when I told them I had a hot date and they said she was imaginary....  Well the jokes on them – they’re imaginary too...
"My friends say there is a gay guy in our circle of friends. I really hope it's Todd, he's cute."
"My German girlfriend likes to rate our sex between 1-10.. Last night we tried anal, she kept shouting 9! That's the best I've done so far."
My girlfriend accused me of cheating. I told her she was starting to sound like my wife. 
"My girlfriend always takes long showers after watching movies starring Chris Pratt. I don't know what she's doing in there, but it gives me lots of time to jerk off to Chris Pratt."
"My girlfriend asked me if I could have a threesome, which of her friends I would choose.. Apparently, I was only supposed to name one, not two."
"My girlfriend asked me if I could have a threesome, which of her friends I would choose.... I SHOULD NEVER HAVE NAMED 2 FRIENDS! "
"My girlfriend asked me if I had ever I peed in the shower. I said ""yes, twice, but they were both accidents"". She asked ""How on earth could you accidentally pee in the shower?!"" I said ""Well these things tend to happen when you're taking a shit""."
"My girlfriend borrowed $100 from me. After 3years, when we separated, she returned exactly $100.. I lost Interest in that relationship."
My girlfriend broke up with me so I took her wheelchair. Guess who came crawling back
My girlfriend dressed up as a policewoman and told me I was under arrest on suspicion of being good in bed.. After 2 minutes all charges were dropped due to a lack of evidence
My girlfriend dressed up as a policewoman and told me I was under arrest on suspicion of being good in bed.. After 2 minutes all charges were dropped due to a lack of evidence.
"My girlfriend dressed up as a policewoman and told me I was under arrest on suspicion of being too good in bed.... After 2 minutes, all charges were dropped due to a lack of evidence."
"My girlfriend is fed up of my constant wordplay jokes, so I asked her, ""How can I stop my addiction?"". ""Whatever means necessary,"" she replied. ""No it doesn't,"" I said."
"My girlfriend is like the square root of -100.. A solid 10, but also imaginary."
"My girlfriend just emailed me. ""thespacebuttonisbrokenonmylaptop.canyougivemeanalternative"" Does anyone know what ""ternative"" mean?"
My girlfriend kept telling me to treat her like a princess.. So I made her marry an old guy she's never met to secure an alliance with the French. 
"My girlfriend left a note on the fridge. ""This is not working I'm going to my mum's house."" So, I opened the fridge's door, the light came on and the juice was cold. - What the hell did she mean?"
My girlfriend really changed after she became a vegan.. It's like I've never seen herbivore.
"My girlfriend said, ""You act like a detective too much. I want to split up."". ""Good idea,"" I replied. ""We can cover more ground that way."""
"My girlfriend's dog died, so to cheer her up I got her an identical one.. She was livid, ""what am I going to do with two dead dogs?"""
My girlfriend's father called me a pedophile just because she's 22 and I'm 36.. Completely ruined our 10-year anniversary.
My girlfriend told me to take the spider out instead of killing it.. We went and had some drinks. Cool guy. Wants to be a web developer.
"My girlfriend tried to make me have sex on the hood of her Honda Civic. I refused. If I'm going to have sex, its going to be on my own Accord"
"My girlfriend yelled at me today saying, ""You weren't even listening just now, were you?!"". I thought, ""Man, what a weird way to start a conversation."" "
"My girlfriend yelled at me today saying, ""You weren't even listening just now, were you?!"". I thought, ""Man, what a weird way to start a conversation."""
"My girl keeps having disturbed dreams, shouting things like ""Hobbit!"", ""Gandalf!"", and ""Mordor!"".. Always Tolkien in her sleep..."
"My grandfather warned people that the Titanic would sink. No one listened, but he kept on warning them nonetheless until they got sick of him and kicked him out the movie theatre"
"My grandpa just walked into my room with a young guy wearing skinny jeans and eating avocado toast.. I said, “Who is this guy?” Grandpa: This is my hip replacement."
My grandpa started walking five miles a day when he was 60....  Now he's 97 years old and we have no idea where the hell he is. 
"My grief councillor died recently. Thankfully he was so good that I don't give a shit EDIT: *Counselor, I can't spell it would seem EDIT 2: Credit to Gary Delaney, for this is one of his one liners. Credit to the redditors who pointed it out"
"My grief counsellor died the other day... But he was so good I didn’t give a shit. Edit: wow this blew up whilst I was asleep. As it’s been pointed out in the comments, the comedian is Gary Delaney and he is absolutely hysterical. "
"My laptop was making funny noises today, it sounded like it was singing.... Probably because it's a Dell"
My last relationship ended because I didn’t open the car door for her.. Instead I just swam for the surface. 
"My life completely changed after I learned Morse Code.  Last night, for example, I couldn't fall asleep because the rain kept telling me to go fuck myself. "
My local drug dealer started dressing up as a Jehovah's Witness so he wouldn't arouse suspicion.. He got arrested after the police saw people actually letting him in.
My local drug dealer started dressing up as a Jehovah’s Witness so he wouldn’t arouse suspicion..  He got arrested after the police saw people actually letting him in.
"My mother handed me $20. ""Take your brother to see a movie for his birthday. Keep him out until 2:00 while your father and I set up his surprise party."" That was the day I realized my brother was the favourite twin."
My mother used to tuck me in every night. She always wanted a girl :(
"My neighbour knocked on my door at 2:30am this morning, can you believe that, 2:30am?!. Luckily for him I was still up playing my Bagpipes"
My sister asked for me to bring her something hard to write on. I don't know why she became so mad. It's pretty fucking hard to write on sand.
My six year old nephew just told me this joke... Why does a a duck have feathers?. To cover its butt quack.
My son came home as I was taking his door off it’s hinges and asked “Dad what are you doing?”.  “We’ve updated our privacy policy”
"My son is three years old and I took him shopping.. When we got home, he had a chocolate bar in his pocket. Now, I didn't buy it and he certainly didn't buy it, so I marched him straight back to the shopping centre and went to the jewellers."
My teacher didn't believe me when I said I had 36 pets so I showed her a picture of my fish tank.. She freaked out when she saw how many dogs I could fit in there. 
My therapist told me that a great way to let go of your anger is to write letters to people you hate and then burn them....  I did that and I feel much better but I'm wondering...do I keep the letters?
"My tongue slipped when I was asking my wife to ""pass the milk, honey"" when we had breakfast yesterday. I accidentally said: ""Fuck you Helen you ruined my fucking life"""
My wife asked me how she compared to past girlfriends.... So I told her she was the only one I had been with! The others were all eights and nines.
My wife asked me what I'm posting on Reddit.... I tell her that they /r/jokes.
My wife found out i was cheating on her after she found all the letters I was hiding.... She got so mad and said she’s never gonna play scrabble with me ever again
"My wife gets upset when I steal her kitchen utensils.... But it's a whisk I'm willing to take. Edit: Thank you, children. It would appear I've peaked as a father. My actual son will be devastated."
"My wife got stung by a bee on the forehead. She's at the ER now, her face all swollen and bruised, she almost died.. Luckily I was close enough to hit the bee with my shovel."
"My wife handed me two kayak paddles and asked, ""Which one do you want?"". I said I'd take either/oar."
My wife has kicked me out of the house because of my bad Arnold Scharzenegger impressions. But don't worry. I'll return.
"My wife hasn't said a word to me in 6 days.. What's even better is, she thinks it's punishment."
"My wife is pregnant and my doctor asked me if I had ever been present at a childbirth before.. I replied, ""Yes just once."" The doctor asked, ""What was it like?"" I said, ""It was dark, then suddenly very bright."""
"My wife is turning 32 soon....  I’ve told her not to get her hopes up for her birthday. “After all,” I said, “The celebrations are only going to last half a minute.” “What are you talking about?” she asked. I said, “It’s your thirty-second birthday.”"
"My wife is turning 32 soon.... I’ve told her not to get her hopes up for her birthday. “After all,” I said, “The celebrations are only going to last half a minute.” “What are you talking about?” she asked. I said, “It’s your thirty-second birthday.”"
"My wife just gave birth today and after thanking the doctor, I pulled him aside and sheepishly asked, ""How soon do you think we'll be able to have sex?"".  He winked at me and said, ""I'm off duty in ten minutes - meet me in the parking lot."""
"My wife left me because I am too insecure.. Never mind, she was just picking up some groceries."
My wife left me because I’m insecure and paranoid.. Edit: Nevermind. She was just getting the mail.
"My wife left me because I’m too insecure. No wait, she’s back She just went to make a cup of coffee"
"My wife left me because I'm too insecure.. No wait, she's back. She just went to make a cup of tea."
"My wife packed my bags and kicked me out of the house.. As I walked out the front door, she screamed, ""I wish you a slow and painful death, you bastard!"" ""Oh,"" I replied, ""so now you want me to stay!"""
My wife said if this post gets 1000 upvotes she'll give up her anal virginity tonight!. Please don't. She's out of town on business until Tuesday.
"My wife said she wanted just one child of each gender. I told her ""how about just one boy and one girl? I don't want to contribute to overpopulation."""
"My wife said to me: ""If you won the lottery, would you still love me?"".  I said: ""Of course I would. I'd miss you, but I'd still love you."""
"My wife says if this post gets over 1000 upvotes, I can get anal.. Please upvote because I want this house to be spotless."
"My wife told me, “If anything happens to me, I want you to meet someone new.”. Apparently, “anything” doesn’t include getting stuck in traffic."
"My wife told me: ""Sex is better on vacation."". That wasn't a very nice postcard to receive"
My wife told me to go and get some pills that help with an erection.... You should've seen her face when I tossed her some diet pills. 
"Nobody ever asks how Coca-Cola is doing.... It's always, ""Is Pepsi okay?"""
"No Nut November was pretty tough. Now I can finally eat nuts again, thank God I had masturbation to keep my mind off of the sweet little bastards."
North Koreans believe they live in the best country in the world because they’re brainwashed by the government and the media.. When every American knows that America is the best country in the world.
"Obama smoked weed growing up, and now look where he is today. Unemployed with two kids and recently evicted "
"One day, Canada will become a superpower and take over the whole world.  Then you'll all be sorry"
Online classified ad. Premature ejaculator in need of smoking hot size 6 blonde. Preferably with blue eyes and huge double d.... Nevermind. 
Only anti-vaxxers will get this. Measles
Only anti-vaxxers will get this.... Measles
Open letter to the mods of /r/jokes. C
Orgasms are like opinions.. Mine is more important and I don't care if she has one. 
"People always ask where I got my incredibly detailed tattoo done, but they never believe me when I tell them Spain.. Nobody expects the Spanish ink precision."
People say smoking will give you diseases.. What they don't know is that it cures salmon.
"Personally, I don't believe in bros before hoes, or hoes before bros. There needs to be a balance.. A homie-hoe-stasis, if you will."
Police officer pulls over 2 Catholic priests. Says he’s looking for two child molesters.. Catholic priests looking at each other: We’ll do it!
"Posting a Joke on reddit is like going to a bar. Once in a while you get lucky, but most of the time you just ruin your self esteem. "
"Prison may be just one word. But to others, it's a whole sentence Edit: I fell asleep after posting this and woke up seeing it on the front page, thanks guys!"
"Q : With Britain leaving EU soon, how much space will be freed up?.  A: 1 GB Edit: Getting lots of people complaining because I said thanks. Well tuff. It’s polite. Thanks everyone :)"
"Remember, as a child, when air for your bike was free? Now it's $1.50! I asked the gas station attendant why.. He said ""inflation"""
"Remember, If your apartment is hit by a dolphin, DO NOT GO OUT TO SEE IF THE DOLPHIN IS OKAY. That's how the hurricane tricks you into coming outside."
"Republicans are the true snowflakes.... they're white, they're cold, and if you put enough of em together they'll shut down public schools EDIT* Thanks for the gold! You popped my gold cherry! its a joke folks. just a joke."
Roy Moore Election results are coming in.. He is only in the teens.
"Rumor is that Toy Story 4 will focus on. Andy's mother's toys, which coincidentally are called Woody and Buzz too."
Russia started a new website that tracks down and deletes pirated movies.. Nyetflix.
Science builds planes and skyscrapers. but faith brings them together.
"Scientist: ""My findings are meaningless if taken out of context."". Media: Scientist claims ""Findings are meaningless."""
Set your wifi password to 2444666668888888. So when someone ask tell them it's 12345678 Edit: Holy moly! Wake up to a shiny gold. Thank you kind stranger. Edit2: I can make a whole wordlist with all the password in here 😁.
"Slutty girls are like Wal-Marts. Everyone makes fun of them but when you're inside one at 4am, you think ""Thank God these are here"""
"Slutty girls are like Wal-Marts. Everyone makes fun of them but when you're inside one at 4am, you think ""Thank God these are here"" EDIT: TRUMP 2020 KEEP AMERICA GREAT!"
"Smoking will kill you ....  Bacon will kill you... But, smoking bacon will cure it."
So I went on r/news today... [removed]
"Some say that if you play Nickelback backwards you'll hear Satan.. Even worse, if you play it forwards you'll hear Nickelback."
"Sometimes I hide my girlfriend's inhaler. So the neighbors think I'm a stud when they hear her panting, ""Give it to me!"" EDIT: For those asking/concerned/threatening, yes. My imaginary girlfriend is okay. Thanks for all the upvotes of support. You guys *rock*."
Sometimes I wonder how vegans survive off of what little they eat. Then I remember they feed off of attention. EDIT 1: This blew up quick thanks guys :D EDUT 2: When I typed edit 1 it had 500 upvotes now im waking up to 29K upvotes thanks eveyone :D
"“Son, I found a condom in your room.”.  “Gee thanks, Grandpa!” “Why are you calling me Grandpa?” “Because I couldn’t find it yesterday.”"
“Son In Iraq I killed 15 people.”. Son: Dad you were a helicopter mechanic Dad:Never said I was a good one
"Son: ""Mom, Dad, I'm gay."". Mom: *Stares at Dad* Dad: *Clenches fist* Mom: ""Don't!"" Dad: *Sweats Profusely* Mom: ""..."" Dad: ""HI GAY, I'M DAD"" "
"""Son, you'll go blind if you masturbate too much."". ""Dad, I'm over here."""
"""Son you're just not cut out to be a mime."". ""Is it something I said?"" ""Yes."""
"Son, you were adopted. Son: “What?! I knew it! I want to meet my biological parents!” Father: “We are your biological parents. Now pack up, the new ones will pick you up in 20 minutes.” "
So Tekashi69 could face life in prison. Which is nice because we might finally get to see a mumble rapper completing a sentence Edit: i am aware he isnt a mumble rapper
Statistics show that the average person has sex 89 times a year. Today's going to be great!
"Steve jobs would have been a better president than Donald Trump.. But it's a silly comparison really, it's like comparing apples to oranges. "
Steve Jobs would've been a better president than Trump.. But I guess comparing apples to oranges is unfair. EDIT: epic
"Teacher: Johnny, give me a sentence with an ""i"" in it.. Teacher: Johnny, give me a sentence with an 'i' in it. Johnny: I is... Teacher: No, Johnny, when you say 'i', it should be followed by 'am' Johnny: Okay, I am the 9th letter of the alphabet "
Telltale Games will shut down.... *Fans will remember that*
Thanos' finger snap would have a greater impact if they found a way to make it seem like half the audience disappeared.. Apparently only DC movies can do that. 
The 2016 US Presidential Election. That's it. That's the entire fucking joke. 
"The best years of my life were spent in the arms of another man's wife.... Thank you for everything, Mom. Happy Mothers' Day! "
"The best years of my life were spent in the arms of another man's wife.... Thank you, Mom. Happy Mother's Day! Edit: At least $136 worth of Reddit Gold in this thread. You never cease to amaze me, Reddit."
"The Bible says being gay is fine, as long as you're high.. ""A man who lays with another man should be stoned."" - Leviticus 20:13 ESV "
The condom was first invented by a Welshman by using a sheep's intestine. The English later improved it by removing the intestine from the sheep first
The creator of Mad Libs died this week.. His friends described him as a warm and pulpy man who loved his wife and pelicans. He will be deeply pooped.
The doctor gave me 4 months to live.. So I shot him. Judge gave me 20 years. Problem Solved.
The doctor gave me 4 months to live.. So I shot him. The judge gave me 20 years. Problem solved.
"The doctor gave me six months to live, so I shot him.. The judge gave me 50 years. Problem solved."
The female janitor at my building asked if I would chill and smoke some weed with her. I said no. I can't deal with high maintenance women
"The first time I had sex, it was in my parent’s bedroom and my girlfriend said, “This is a bit awkward.”.  I said, “Just ignore them.”"
"The first time I had sex, it was in my parent’s bedroom. My girlfriend giggled nervously and moaned, “This is a bit awkward.”.  I grunted, “Just ignore them.”"
The front page is filled with memes in reference to that guy being dragged off of a plane. I can't remember the last time the entire reddit user base was so.... ... United.
The funniest /r/jokes has ever been. 
"The guy sat next to me on the train pulled out a photo of his wife and said, “She’s beautiful, isn’t she?” I said, “If you think she’s beautiful, you should see my girlfriend mate.”. He said, “Why? Is she a stunner?” I said, “No, she’s an optician.”"
"The larger the feet, the larger the penis. The larger the vehicle, the smaller the penis.. Maybe that’s why everyone is so scared of clowns."
"The nurse at the sperm bank asked me if I'd like to masturbate in the cup.... I said, ""Well, I'm pretty good, but I don't think I'm ready to compete just yet."" --- Edit: Oh wow! Gold - thank you! Maybe I'm ready after all..."
The only thing Flat-Earthers fear. Is sphere itself. 
The Only Thing Flat-Earthers Fear...... Is Sphere Itself. 
"The only two white actors in Black Panther are Martin Freeman, who played Bilbo Baggins, and Andy Serkis who played Gollum.. They're the Tolkien white guys. Edit: Apparently somebody posted this joke to Twitter in October and that makes me a piece of shit. ¯\\\_(ツ)_/¯"
"The other day my friend was telling me i didnt know what irony meant. Which was ironic since we were at a bus stop Edit: thanks for silver gold and front page, it means alot "
The Pentagon is changing the nuclear codes to over 140 characters. So Trump can't tweet it
"The police called to tell me that my wife was in the hospital.. ""How is she?"" I asked ""Very critical,"" replied the officer ""The fuck is she complaining about now?"""
The problem with Nearly-Headless Nick. is that he is a poorly-executed character
"The problem with Trump jokes:. Republicans don't think they're funny, and Democrats don't think they're jokes."
"There are 3 men on a boat and 4 cigarettes, they don't have a lighter, how do they smoke?. they toss one cigarette over board to make the boat a cigarette lighter."
"There's a term for Presidents like Trump.. Probably not two terms, though..."
"The son went to his dad and asked him, ""Dad, what's an alcoholic?"". So the dad replied, ""Do you see those four trees? Well, an alcoholic would see eight."" The son replied, ""But Dad, I only see two."""
"The United States and Britain are having a competition on who can fuck themselves up the most.. Britain is in the lead, but America has a Trump card."
The use of a colon can really change the intended meaning of a sentence.. Jimmy went to school and ate his lunch becomes Jimmy went to school and ate his colon.
The US is having so many disasters and tragedies. Youd almost think it was built on top of thousands of ancient indian burial grounds.
The vagina has more than 8000 nerve endings. But it’s still not nearly as sensitive as Reddit. 
The word asparagus is funny.. It sounds like an Italian guy begging you not to kill someone named Gus. I'm sorry. I'm high as shit and just ate some asparagus. My first original joke. 
They're going to have to change the name of the U.S Virgin Islands. They're about to get fucked 
"“This is 911, what’s your emergency?” the operator asked.. “I masturbate too much,” the man replied. “Sir, that’s not really a problem,” the operator said. The man shouted, “Did you hear that, Mom? Now get off my case.”"
This is your captain speaking. AND THIS IS YOUR CAPTAIN SHOUTING .
"This week in DC, Mark Zuckerberg is currently doing the hardest thing imaginable.. He’s explaining Facebook to old people. "
Three conspiracy theorists walk into a bar. You can't tell me that's just a coincidence .
"Three tampons are walking down the road. A thin, a regular, and a super. Which one says hi first?. None. They're all stuck up cunts "
Tide has some serious ad time during the superbowl this year. Must be able to afford it after cornering the teenage snack food market 
"TIFU by accidentally cheating on my wife at a BDSM convention with a woman who was wearing the same leather mask. Whoops, wrong sub"
"TIFU by mixing up by wifes sandwich order at Subway. Whoops, wrong sub."
"TIFU when I brought my pregnant wife home a meatball foot long instead of the teriyaki chicken she asked for. Whoops, wrong sub."
"TIL that a school of piranhas can strip all the flesh off of a child's body in less than a minute....  On the downside, I lost my job at the aquarium..."
"TIL that you can get dishonorably discharged from the Navy for boarding the wrong vessel just once. Whoops, wrong sub"
"TIL that you can get dishonorably discharged from the Navy for boarding the wrong vessel just once.. Whoops, wrong sub"
TIL unvaccinated children are less likely to be autistic. Because they are more likely to be dead EDIT: Wow. Now I understand RIP inbox.
TIL you can get dishonorably discharged from the Navy for boarding the wrong vessel just once. Whoops wrong sub
*tips fedora at mosquito*. M'laria
Today a girl kissed me. I wish I could post it in another subreddit
"Today at the gym I asked a girl what her new year's resolution was.. She said ""Fuck you"". So I'm pretty excited for 2019."
Today i asked the hot girl at my gym what her new year resolutions were.. She said «Fuck you». So im pretty excited for 2018
"Today i asked the hot girl at my gym what her New Year's resolution was.. She said ""fuck you"". So i'm pretty excited about 2017."
"Today I donated my watch, phone, and $500 to a poor guy.. You can’t imagine the happiness I felt as I saw him put his pistol back in his pocket. "
"Today I saw an ad that said ""radio for sale, $1, volume stuck on full."". I thought, ""I can't turn that down."""
"Today, I shocked the hell out of the postman by opening the door completely naked.. I’m not sure what surprised him most: my nudity, or the fact that I know where he lives. "
Today one of my friends told me I often make people uncomfortable by violating their personal space.. It was an incredibly hurtful thing to say and it completely ruined our bath.
Told my wife I was so stressed that only a blowjob would help.. She asked me where I was going to find a dick to suck at this time of night. 
Top Reddit posters should use their karma to help the environment..  They are already experts at recycling. 
To the guy who hacked my Reddit account.. I swear to God I'm going to find you. EDIT: No you won't.
"To the guy who hacked my Reddit account. I will find you, and I will kill you Edit: no you won't Special edit for u/takes_joke_literally , are you happy now? "
"To the women who say ""Men are only interested in one thing"".  Have you ever considered being more interesting?"
Trump is blaming Sanders for the violence at his rally.... because you can't truly be Hitler until you blame a jew for all your problems.
"Trump should not have said ""shit-hole countries"".. The correct term is ""turd-world countries""."
"Trump's wall will cost 21.6 billion, Nasa's budget is only 19 billion. Probably because Mexico has more aliens"
"Twenty years from now, kids are gonna think ""Baby it's cold outside"" is really weird, and we're gonna have to explain that it has to be understood as a product of its time.. You see, it used to get cold outside"
"Two cannibals are eating Amy Schumer. One says to the other ""Does this taste funny to you?"" The other says ""No"" Edit: Thanks for the gold my dude, i did not except this to get a lot of upvotes but here i am"
"Two deer walk out of a gay bar. One turns and says to the other, ""I can't believe I just blew thirty bucks in there."""
"Two men are drinking in a bar. They pull out the sandwiches their wives had lovingly prepared and tuck in. The bartender comes over and says ""you can't eat your own food in here"" So they swapped sandwiches."
"Two Thai girls asked me if I wanted to sleep with them.. They said it would be like winning the Lottery. To my horror they were right, we had six matching balls."
"Up the mountain, a japanese asked the wise man: ""Master Akira, why every western man thinks that we, japanese, all look alike?"". ""I am not Master Akira."""
"Veganism is like Communism. They are both fine, unless you like food"
"Virginity in school. Son to mother: ""Mom, all the kids in the school are making fun of me because I am still a virgin."" Mother: ""Well, start giving them bad grades and they will stop."""
V. Sorry lost control there
"Wearing crocs is like getting a blowjob from a guy,. It feels great until you look down and realize you're gay. Edit: guys it's a joke not a dick don't take it so hard"
"We had an open position with 60 applicants. I said, ""I don't have time to review all these resumes. Just hire the one with the biggest tits!"". Larry starts Monday."
We'll We'll We'll....  ...if it isn't autocorrect...
We should've known communism would fail.. There were a lot of red flags.
"We used to have empires run by emperors, then we had kingdoms run by kings... Now we have countries.."
We were having sex the other night and to my surprise my wife started punching me in the face.. I have no idea who let her into my office.
"""What are the broken condoms doing on the couch?!"". ""Our children have names, Harold!"""
"What did Lochte say after his teammates told the police what really happened?. ""...and I would have gotten away with it if it weren't for you medaling kids!"""
"What did Mario say to Peach when they broke up?. It's not you, it's a me a Mario! "
"What did Spartacus say to the cannibal who killed his wife.. Nothing, he's Gladiator."
"What did Sparticus do to the cannibal who ate his nagging wife?. Nothing, he's gladiator."
"What did the Catholic priest say to the other Catholic priest as they entered the orphanage?. ""Let us prey."""
"What do Apple and Donald Trump have in common?. I would say that they both think de-porting is the answer when there's no more Jobs, but I shouldn't compare apples to oranges."
What do Donald Trump & the iPhone 7 have in common?. They both think de-porting is the answer when there's no more Jobs.
"What does a pregnant fourteen year old and the fetus inside her have in common?. They’re both thinking, “Shit, my mom is gonna kill me!”"
"What does gay mean?. asked a son to his father. ""It means 'happy,'"" the father answered. ""Oh,"" replied the son, ""so are you gay, then?"" ""No, son, I have a wife."""
What does necrophilia and alcoholism have in common?. The irresistible urge to crack open a cold one.
What does the O in Reddit stand for. Original Content
What do Hitler and EA have in common?. *You are missing the Punchline Pack. Please purchase the Reddit Season Pass to reveal missing content*
What do the twin towers and gender have in common?. There used to be 2 of them and now it’s a touchy subject 
What do the twin towers and genders have in common?. There used to be two and now it's too offensive to talk about.
What do we want?. Low flying airplane noises! When do we want them? NNEEEEOOOOWWWWW
What do you call 100 rabbits walking backwards?. A receding hare line.
What do you call a book club that's been stuck on one book for years?. Church Edit: Holy shit. On the front page of reddit. Well this blew up overnight... Thanks for the golds! I really don't deserve this.
What do you call a communist sniper?. A marxman.
What do you call a cow with 3 legs?. Lean beef. What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef. What do you call a cow with two legs? Yo momma.
What do you call a Mexican bodybuilder who runs out of protein?. No Whey José.
What do you call an emo a capella group?. Self Harmony Edit: #10 on /r/all! And thanks for the gold kind stranger!
What do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer?. A father in law
What do you call a stolen Tesla?. An Edison. Edit: TRUMP 2020 KEEP AMERICA GREAT!
What do you call a witch that only eats sand?. malnourished
What do you call children born in whorehouses?. Brothel sprouts Edit: thanks for the gold kind stranger! 
What do you call it when two transgender midgets have sex?. Micro trans-action
"What do you call the combination of Tesla, SpaceX, and The Boring Company?. 3Musketeers "
What do you get if you cross a pirate and a paedophile?. Arrr Kelly! 
"What do you get when you spell ""man"" backwards?. Flashbacks EDIT: Well goddamn. Never thought this'd blow up. Then again, so did my legs when Charlie came out of the bushes"
What gets bigger the more you take from it?. The lower class.
"What gets longer if pulled, fits snugly between breasts, slides neatly into a hole, chokes people when used incorrectly, and works well when jerked?. A seatbelt "
"What has 4 letters, sometimes 9 letters, but never has 5 letters.. Just a hint: I didn't ask a question."
"What is a pirate's least favorite letter?. Dear Sir/Ma'am, We are cutting your internet connection due to the following reasons: Illegal Downloading"
"What is Gordon Ramsay's favorite subreddit?. It's fucking r/aww edit: Fucking hell this blew up overnight. Thanks, you fuckin useless sacks of yankee dankee doodle shite"
What is the difference between flying pigs and politicians?. The letter f 
What's a mathematician's favourite kind of boob?. Quantitties
"What's a pirate's least favorite letter?. Dear sir, Your internet access has been terminated due to illegal usage. Sincerely, your service provider."
What's it called when a chameleon can't change its colors anymore?. A reptile dysfunction.
What's it called when a King and Queen have no children?. A receding heir line...
"What sort of grades did Tommy Wiseau receive in school?. Oh, high marks."
"What starts with ""e,"" ends with ""e,"" and contains one letter?. An envelope."
What's the difference between a good joke and. A bad joke timing
What’s the difference between a politician and a flying pig?. The letter F.
What's the difference between a seal and a sea lion?. One electron. 
"What's the difference between Donald and a piece of fruit?. Oranges have thick skin. Let the downvotes fly, people! You've only got one! Edit: Did not expect this joke to get this good of a reception. Thanks, guys!"
"What's the difference between Donald Trump and a worm?. One of them is a slimy, loathsome creature incapable of complex thought, the other one actually shows up when it rains."
What's the difference between EA and my uncle?. My uncle didn't take my money when he fucked me.
What's the difference between EA and North Korea?. North Korea didn't fuck up as many launches as EA
What's the difference between humans and a bullet?. Humans miss John Lennon
What's the difference between Jesus and a picture of Jesus?. You only need one nail to hang the picture up.
What's the difference between me and Jimmy Fallon?. I can get through a Jimmy Fallon sketch without laughing. 
"What's the difference between USA and USB?. One connects to your devices and accesses your data, and the other is a hardware standard."
What's the hardest part when your ex tells you she is HIV positive. Trying to act surprised.
What's the only drink size they allow in North Korea?. A supreme liter
What's the police's favorite gaming console?. WII U WII U WII U WII U WII U WII U
Whats the rudest type of elf?. A gofuckyourself. EDIT: thanks for exploding 
What's the smallest organ in a goat?. An ISIS member's penis.
What weighs more? 50kg of Iron or a 50kg woman?. The woman. They always lie about their weight. 
"What word begins with M and ends in arriage and is a mans favourite thing?. Miscarriage. This joke never gets old, just like the baby."
When a stripper gets money that definitely has jizz on it she has to report it to the government. Because it's gross income
"When Batman is investigating a crime, the most likely explanation is that the Joker did it.. That's Arkham's Razor. Edit: Bloody hell, gold at 3 upvotes. Thanks Batman!"
"When I drink alcohol, people call me alcoholic. But when I drink fanta, no one calls me. or texts me, I'm so lonely, pls help."
"When I was 5 years old, I got a coal from Santa.... The next year I decided to make him pay for it and poisoned his cookies. Somehow, the bastard found out and killed my dad"
"When I was a teen, my dad showed me a 30 minute PowerPoint presentation on why one should always wear a condom during sex.. All the slides were just pictures of me."
"When I was young, I always felt like a male trapped in a females body. Then I was born"
"When my dentist reminded me about my wife’s sensitive gag reflex, we laughed and laughed about it for a while.... Then I remembered...................me and my wife have different dentists…"
"When she was growing up, everybody laughed when Amy Schumer said she wanted to be a comedian.... Nobody's laughing now."
"When Trump borrows $1,000,000 from his dad it's a small loan. But when he donates that much money to Texas, it's a yuuuge contribution Edit: *Alleged* contribution of $1 million. Also, thank you kind gilder"
"When you say ""poop"" your mouth moves the same way your anus does when you poop.. The same is true for the phrase ""explosive diarrhea."""
"Where do little jokes come from?. Well, a dad joke meets yo momma joke and then they knock knock. (I made this up myself, I’m really proud of it) Edit: Deleted the long edits. Thanks for the gold. Feel free to repost and make it better. "
Where's the best place to hide after committing murder?. Behind a badge.
"Which one doesn't belong: eggs, your wife, or a blow job?. The blow job. You can beat your eggs and your wife but you can't beat a blow job. "
"While driving to work, robbers jumped into my car and stole everything.. They were pirates of the car I be in."
"While picking up a turkey for this Thanksgiving, I overheard this gem.. A lady was picking through the frozen turkeys, but she couldn't find one big enough for her family. She asked a stock boy, ""Do these turkeys get any bigger?"" The stock boy replied, ""No ma'am, they’re dead."""
"White people don't shoot each other in the streets like black people do.. We do it in schools, because we have class."
"Who decided to call it “marijuana possession"". and not “joint custody?”"
"Why are dogs afraid to go to space?. Because of the vacuum Edit: Sorry if this joke is ruff Double Edit: on the other hand, when I go to space I feel no pressure"
"Why are parents so bad at discussing sex with their kids?. When I was ten-years-old, I saw two dogs shagging in the street and asked my Mum what they were doing. “Dancing,” she replied. The first school dance I went to, I got fucking expelled. "
"Why are people complaining,what EA did was great!. I mean, you've got to give them credit."
Why are there two “d”s in “Reddit”?. The second one’s a repost.
Why are women and children evacuated first in a disaster?. So we can think about a solution in silence.
Why can’t Lebron James stand on his tippy toes?. He gets no support from his Cavs
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl urinate?. Because they have been extinct for millions of years.
Why did 7 eat 9?. Cause he needs 3 squared meals a day I'm sorry
Why did Elon Musk choose SpaceX to land on mars?. Because if he chose SpaceY he’d land on 14 year old boys. 
Why did the console player cross the road?. To render the buildings on the other side.
Why did the slave go to college?. To pick up his master's degree.
Why did Thor lose his lightning powers?. Because his father grounded him.
Why do bees stay in the hive in the winter?. Swarm
Why do french tanks have rear view mirrors?. To see the battlefield 
Why do Native Americans hate snow?. Because it's white and settles on their land.
Why do North Koreans draw lines so well?. They have a Supreme Ruler.
Why don't hillbillies ever try reverse cowgirl?. Because you don't turn your back on family.
Why do pirates love reddit?. It be the best place to exchange stolen content for gold. Edit: Arr! Thanks for the booty!
Why do reddit users hate facebook?. Because you need to have friends to be on facebook.
Why do riot police like to get to work early?. To beat the crowd.
Why haven't aliens visited our solar system?. They looked at the reviews and we only have one star.
Why haven't Aliens visited our Solar System yet? .... They looked at the reviews... Only 1 star.
Why is 6.9 the worst number？. It's a 69 interrupted by a period 
Why is EA the worst gaming company in America?. Because Ubisoft is in France﻿.
Why is every gender equality officer female?. Because it is cheaper.
"Why is Japan the healthiest country in the world?. Because last time they had a fat man 80,000 people died "
Why is Peter Pan always flying?. He neverlands You really should upvote this joke because it never gets old 
Why was 10 scared?. He was in the middle of 9-11
Why was 10 traumatized?. Because it was in the middle of 9/11.
Why was the anti-vaxxer’s 3 year old crying?. They were having a mid-life crisis. Edit: thank you to the kind soul that gifted me gold!
Why was the anti-vaxxer‘s 4 year old child crying?. Midlife crisis
"Why was Yoda afraid of 7?. Because 6, 7 8."
"Why were the star wars movies released 4,5,6,1,2,3,7,8. In charge of planning Yoda was"
Why will congress never impeach Trump?. Republicans always insist on carrying a baby to full term.
Why will the congress never impeach Trump?. Because the republicans always insist on carrying a baby to full term.
Wife: Does this dress make me look fat? Me: You promise not to get mad no matter what i say? Wife: Yes. Me: I fucked your sister
Wife: I regret getting you that blender for Christmas. Me: *sipping toast* why? 
"Wife texts husband on a cold winter morning: ""Windows frozen, won't open."". Husband texts back: ""Gently pour some lukewarm water over it and then gently tap edges with hammer."" Wife texts back 10 minutes later: ""Computer really messed up now."""
"Wife was cleaning 12 year old son's bedroom. When she finds a load of serious bondage gear and fetish mags. She asks her husband ""what do we do?"" Husband says ""I'm no expert, but I wouldn't fucking spank him."""
With great reflexes.... Comes great response ability.
"Without the Arabs we wouldn't have 9/11.. It would be IX/XI. edit: Wow, I came back and this really blew up!"
Without the Arabs we wouldn’t have 9/11.. We would have IX/XI instead
"With the rise of self-driving vehicles.... With the rise of self-driving vehicles, it's only a matter of time before we get a country song where a guy's truck leaves him too"
"Women are actually turning into good drivers.. So if you’re a good driver, watch out for women turning. "
"Women are the only creatures to defy the laws of gravity.. The heavier they are, the easier they are to pick up."
Yesterday I froze myself to -273.15°. And you know what? I was 0K :)
"Yesterday my daughter was playing in the garden when I saw her kill a butterfly. So to teach her a lesson I said, ""Just for that you don't get any butter for a month."". Today in the kitchen she killed a cockroach. I said, ""Nice try."""
"Yo mama so fat. We are all concerned for her health, Kevin."
Yo mama so ugly.... Her blowjob counts as anal.
Yo mama's so fat. she went out in high heels and came back in flip flops
"You can tell the gender of an ant by dropping it in water. If it sinks it's girl ant,. If it floats it's boy ant."
You know what has 8 legs 8 hands and 8 eyes?. 8 Pirates
"You know when you get the urge to eat something just because it’s there?. Anyways, I lost my job as a gynecologist today."
"""You're telling me that I'm losing my job because Donald Trump won the election? WHY, BECAUSE I'M BLACK?!"". ""Mister President, we've been over this..."""
"Your mom is so fat. Your mom is so fat that, a group of people started believing that your mom is actually flat. [EDIT] OMG, thanks for the Platinum "
You thought what United did to that doctor was bad?. Just wait till you see what Reddit did to a dead horse. EDIT: I don't know what that gold star is but boy am I glad I have it!
